feat: fully-temporary spaces with temporary metadata (#8322)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/meta-temporary-spaces.md

## feature/space

Adds meta-temporary space type, which the same as temporary but also with
temporary metadata. Can be created in read_only mode, doesn't exists after
restart and doesn't exist on replicas.

Adds box_request_process public C API for making DDL requests and passing
flags to them. Currently supported flags BOX_REQUEST_INDEX_BASE_1 &
BOX_REQUEST_SKIP_WAL. The latter is used to insert temporary tuples into system
spaces, which is how meta-temporary spaces are implemented.

> Adds box_meta_local_space_max_id, box_meta_local_space_next_id C API functions

Author: My bad

> Adds box_meta_local_space_max_id, box_meta_local_space_next_id C API functions

Author: Fixed

## feature/space

> * Adds meta-temporary space type, which the same as temporary but also with
> temporary metadata. Can be created in read_only mode, doesn't exist after
> restart and doesn't exist on replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduces the meta-temporary space type. It is the same as temporary but also has
  temporary metadata. Meta-temporary spaces can be created in read_only mode, they
  disappear after server restart and don't exist on replicas (gh-8323).
```

## feature/space

> 

Author: done

> Adds meta-temporary space type, which the same as temporary but also with

Author: done

temporary metadata. Can be created in read_only mode, doesn't exist after
restart and doesn't exist on replicas.

> Adds BOX_SPACE_ID_META_TEMPORARY_MIN constant which specifies the start of the

Author: done
